https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GtH65lCZ0g | Automating tasks, moving files to different folders based on format
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Kcco6koC34 | Automate Multuple Excel sheet reporting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou_floKQqd8 | Scraping Data from Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJO9fKj3_u4 | Building an indicator to trade based on simple moving averages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg9r_yLk7VY | Building a python app to track Amazon 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSc4ErJk33A | How to create interactive charts from excel data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2GBO_QjRlo | How to build a simple Instagram bot using Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BiOPBsXh0g | How To Make A Simple Python Keylogger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDw3oKV5arA | 4 INTRO Python Programming Project Ideas (+ Tutorials) for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmIGPGGsDFo | Selenium Python Tutorial: AUTOMATED CHECK-IN for Southwest Flight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bF3ZZcNbtMg | Python Tutorial - Your First Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-C5g4J7iCj8 | Easy Password Generator In Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmMXJxcc9FY | License Plat Generator In Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHh654_7Cmw | Building a TIC TAC TOE Project In Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0ZpI_umGjo | Higher or Lower Card Game Tutorial In Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWRtrPeJoyA | Automate Excel using Python, Excel Hacks with Pandas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7J_qcttfnJA | Automate Spotify with Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-MdWAXSzdA | Automate cleaning up your PC desktop using Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYBDJ15dNVc | Coding an Expense Tracker, Programming with Databases and Creating an API using Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUfTkPttAlI | How to automate Facebook login using Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOHg16zcUCc | Python for Finance Stock Data using Pandas and NumPy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esY2L6fDHC0 | Automate Excel Pivot Tables Across Workbooks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On4bL4tSZzg | Schedule and automate your excel data analytics with Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWIUWVsejWY | Conditinoal Search Multiple Excel Files with Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71zkSuzkJrw | How to use SQL with Excel using Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7od-3H37sdc | Using Google Sheets API with Python